Add STRipy to joint calling (#938)
broadinstitute/gatk-sv: website/docs/execution/joint.md

If necessary, follow the `Batching.ipynb` notebook step-by-step to divide samples into batches
and create corresponding `sample_sets` for use in `03-TrainGCNV` and beyond.

### Optional STRipy repeat-expansion calling {#stripy}

> After `02-EvidenceQC` and sample QC are complete, generate the cohort PED file and set `cohort_ped_file` in Workspace Data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After `02-EvidenceQC` and sample QC are complete, make sure `cohort_ped_file` in Workspace Data is set to the updated PED file containing sex assignments from sample QC. 
```
SampleQC.ipynb includes a step to generate a PED file and update Workspace Data, so I'd advise re-wording this to avoid making it sound like a separate step

You can then run `StripyWorkflow` on selected samples as an optional standalone workflow. Terra's default output

> handling writes the workflow outputs directly to the sample row as `stripy_vcf`, `stripy_json`, `stripy_tsv`, and

Reviewer: It seems out of place to specify the exact output column names here - we don't do that for other steps. Though we do have a page for all the other modules which includes inputs and outputs - are you going to add a stripy page to the website?

Author: Ok I cleaned this up and added a module page in the docs.
